lynx: add page (#4815)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/lynx.md

# lynx

> A Command Line Web Browsing.
> More information: <http://lynx.browser.org>.

- Open a link:

`lynx {{example.com}}`

- Apply restrictions for anonymous account:

`lynx -anonymous {{example.com}}`

- Turn on mouse support, if available:

`lynx -use_mouse {{example.com}}`

- Force color mode on, if available:

`lynx -color {{example.com}}`

> - Specify a file to use to read/write cookies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a link, using a specific file to read and write cookies:
```

> `lynx -cookie_file {{example.com}}`

Reviewer: Should we add a `{{path/to/file}}`?

Author: Ops, nice catch yes of course :+1:
